Add docs for HTTP `Permissions-Policy` header `cross-origin-isolated` directive (#36780)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performance/now/index.md

Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp
```

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.

Reviewer: Again, don't know what you're saying here. 

But if `{{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}}` is set this will still be available but at lower precision.

> These headers ensure a top-level document does not share a browsing context group with

Author: ```suggestion
These headers and permission-policy ensure a top-level document does not share a browsing context group with
```

Reviewer: @skyclouds2001  Is this actually true? I mean does the header force the document into a new BCG according to the spec?

It is possible of course, in which case I've been a little dogmatic about the only difference being access to the unrestricted use of the APIs.

Author: Yes, this directive also takes effect of whether current document cna be cross-origin isolated

Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp
```

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive blocks the document to be cross-origin isolated, `Performance.now()` will always return with lower resolution value, irrespective of the {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy")}} and {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} response headers.
```

These headers and permission-policy ensure a top-level document does not share a browsing context group with
cross-origin documents. COOP process-isolates your document and potential attackers

> can't access to your global object if they were opening it in a popup, preventing a set

Reviewer: This whole section should be cut back in all these docs. We then extend just one doc to explain what it means and the conditions. I will do this.
